# 1 March 2023

**Host:** Amber Graner

**Recording:** [Link](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1H8Zk9DqLKdTOYOSyYl4Od1GPBGS7YG6N/view)

**Attendees:** 
* Amber Graner
* Manolis Androulidakis
* Dominik Fleischmann
* Mark Esler
* Alex Tsitsimpis
* Jon Tourville
* Diana Atanasova
* Anna Jung

## Reminder of our Initial Goals for the 1.7 Release and CNCF Transition Goals
  * Create a Security Team - Done
  * Create the policy and procedures - In-progress
  * Identify list of images to use (Manifest) - Done
  * Create a list of vulnerabilities to work - In-progress

(_Remember when you’re up to your neck in alligators it’s hard to remember your goal was to drain the swamp_)


## Agenda

* SBOM [Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GaYZy0hBFKHYIDn4o9Iq2edoxI2fX6jCczo2mgH9L0s/edit?usp=sharing) 
  * For comments and questions about this proposal please the following individuals via the Kubeflow Slack workspace: 
    * Diana Atanasova (@Diana Atanasova) 
    * Anna Jung (@annajung)

* Latest Security Scan:
  * Identification of Images and how it was obtained
    * Kubeflow Manifests [Consolidated Images](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/0/d/1WlUDR4GPf2eM2XW0yiPJEBX7YuOjSFN4-xP5jXw05Eo/edit)
    * Other sources
  * Security Scans of Images and how it was done from Alex Perlman
    * Are we happy with the results?
    * Do we stick with Trivy?

* Prioritization of Vulnerabilities:
  * How do we go about determining which ones are most critical?
  * Are there some security considerations 
  * What is the list of CORE images vs. components/add-ons?

* Cross-team Updates:
  * Are any of the other working groups running their own security scans?
  * Asking the WG’s what images they are using, where they are located, version and tags

* Policy:
  * Security Team to create a template on how to report: do we ask WGs to tag these as security issues, and consolidate on the project board? 
    * How are other working groups going about doing this?

* Known High-ticket Vulnerability Remediation:
  * Rootless containers
  * RBAC everywhere
  * Networkpolicies as second layer of defense
  * Removal of third-party dependencies
  * Namespaces sharing security issue (token-based impersonation)
  * Pipelines UI Inaccurate RBAC getting other users artifacts(faking another user’s actions) (the namespace parameter can be faked)
  * Removing the viewer and deprecating artifact proxy in the user namespaces to reduce attack surface
  *  Multi-user minio/S3 and ml-metadata



